README.md, before:

# Dockeron

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dockeron/dockeron.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dockeron/dockeron)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/dockeron/dockeron.svg)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/tags)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/dockeron/dockeron.svg)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/releases)
[![Version npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dockeron.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dockeron)
[![Downloads npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/dockeron.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dockeron)
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/dockeron.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dockeron/dockeron.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron)

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

*In development process.*

A dockeron project, built on Electron + Vue.js for Docker.

TODOs and progress, please see [project dockeron](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/projects/1).


## Development

Make sure you have Node.js installed (node@^6.5.0 or higher is recommended). 

```
git clone git@github.com:dockeron/dockeron.git
cd dockeron
npm install
npm run dev
```


## Screenshots


![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot1.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot2.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot3.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot4.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot5.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot6.png)


*This project was generated from [electron-vue](https://github.com/SimulatedGREG/electron-vue).*

Commit message:

dockerode and iview in readme

README.md, after:

# Dockeron

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dockeron/dockeron.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dockeron/dockeron)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/dockeron/dockeron.svg)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/tags)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/dockeron/dockeron.svg)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/releases)
[![Version npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dockeron.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dockeron)
[![Downloads npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/dockeron.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dockeron)
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/dockeron.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dockeron/dockeron.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron)

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

*In development process.*

A dockeron project, built on Electron + Vue.js for Docker.

Docker Engine API [dockerode](https://github.com/apocas/dockerode).

UI components: [iView](https://github.com/iview/iview)



TODOs and progress, please see [project dockeron](https://github.com/dockeron/dockeron/projects/1).


## Development

Make sure you have Node.js installed (node@^6.5.0 or higher is recommended).

```
git clone git@github.com:dockeron/dockeron.git
cd dockeron
npm install
npm run dev
```


## Screenshots


![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot1.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot2.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot3.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot4.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot5.png)
![](./docs/dockeron-screenshot6.png)


*This project was generated from [electron-vue](https://github.com/SimulatedGREG/electron-vue).*
